Add Bazel Test Optimization setup docs (#37551)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/_index.md

</br>

> If you run Go, Java, or Python tests with Bazel, use Datadog's official [Bazel rules for Test Optimization][bazel-setup]. Bazel support is in Preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Bazel to run Go, Java, or Python tests, use the Datadog [Bazel rules for Test Optimization][10].
```

[7]: /notebooks
[8]: https://app.datadoghq.com/ci/test-runs
[9]: /monitors/types/ci/

> [bazel-setup]: /tests/setup/bazel/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[10]: /tests/setup/bazel/
```
